Teleport Usage Script (#20621)
gravitational/teleport: examples/teleport-usage/README.md

# Teleport Usage Gathering Script

> This script retrieves the number of unique users accessing each of the five Teleport supported protocols.

Reviewer: This says 5 support protocols, but the script below only supports 4 (no kube yet)

Reviewer 2: This usage tool does calculate usage for Kube access. The kube issue I outlined in the readme is that when you run the script in Kubernetes the TTY behavior does not allow for user input as it requires you press enter before starting and it errors out because it assumes an empty response.

## Prerequisites

> This tool requires a Teleport cluster running with AWS DynamoDB as your backend server. This script runs as a docker container from either the auth server or a server with IAM permissions necessary to run queres on the DynamoDB events table. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool requires a Teleport cluster running with AWS DynamoDB as your backend server. This script is intended to run as a docker container from either the auth server or a server with IAM permissions necessary to run queries on the DynamoDB events table. 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Proper permissions for DynamoDB require a minimum of:

"dynamodb:Get*", "dynamodb:Query", "dynamodb:Scan"

or they can use default AWS policy AmazonDynamoDBReadOnlyAccess

The following information is required:

| Env Variable | Description |
| ---------|-------------|
| TABLE_NAME | DynamoDB Events Table Name |
| AWS_REGION | AWS Region where the dynamoDB table is deployed |
| START_DATE | The date for when to start the query. The format must be YYYY-MM-DD |
| END_DATE | The date for when you want the query to end. The format must be YYYY-MM-DD |

## Running Docker Container

With prompt:

```console
$ docker run -it --rm public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport-usage:<VERSION>
```

With environment variables:

```console
$ docker run -it --rm public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport-usage:<VERSION> \
-e “TABLE_NAME=cluster-events” -e “AWS_REGION=us-east-1” \
-e “START_DATE=2022-12-01” -e “END_DATE=2023-01-01”
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Let's remove the Kubernetes sections for now. Not the best user experience, I am working on improving this.
